Update details on beatmap upload limits in `osu!supporter` + `Help centre/Beatmapping` (#7484)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Help_centre/Beatmapping/zh-tw.md

如果您仍有問題，或需要更多資訊，請參閱 [BSS 疑難排解](/wiki/Guides/BSS_Issues)。

## 我是 osu! 贊助者，但是我沒有 20 個待辦欄位！

> **可用欄位數將依據你擁有的 Ranked 圖譜決定。For details, see [osu!supporter § Increased limits](/wiki/osu!supporter#increased-limits)。**<!-- FIXME: replace the last sentence with actual translation -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**可用欄位數將依據你擁有的 Ranked 圖譜決定。參見：[osu!supporter § Increased limits](/wiki/osu!supporter#increased-limits)。**<!-- FIXME: replace the last sentence with actual translation -->
```
